licensor: add page (#8204)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/licensor.md

# licensor

> Write licenses to stdout.
> More information: <https://github.com/raftario/licensor>.

- Write the MIT license to a file named `LICENSE`:

`licensor {{MIT}} > {{LICENSE}}`

> - Write the MIT license with a placeholder copyright notice to a file named `LICENSE`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write the MIT license with a [p]laceholder copyright notice to a file named `LICENSE`:
```

`licensor -p {{MIT}} > {{LICENSE}}`

- Specify a copyright holder named Bobby Tables:

`licensor {{MIT}} {{"Bobby Tables"}} > {{LICENSE}}`

- Specify licence exceptions with a WITH expression:

> `licensor {{"Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception"}} > {{LICENSE}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`licensor "{{Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception}}" > {{LICENSE}}`
```

Just a suggestion. 😄

Author: Technically, the quotation marks are only required if the license name contains spaces, so I feel like the quotes make more sense to be placed inside of the curly brackets.

However, any expression that has a "WITH" statement will always have spaces in it, so I do see the rational for this change.

And of course, if this change is the recommended style, I can make this change.

Reviewer 2: It's like a convention. If there is no something wrong, we prefer `"{{placeholder}}"` rather than `{{"placeholder"}}`.

Author: @blueskyson So, to clarify, would you prefer that this change is made?

Reviewer 3: @superatomic yeah please, apply the change.
